CUMULUS-1470: ECS Service Autoscaling uses the specified metric (#1204)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

  - `reportGranules` - Receives 1 message per granule in an execution
  - `reportPdrs` - Receives 1 message per PDR

> - **CUMULUS-1470** ECS Service Autoscaling now uses the metric configured for the service rather than the `ActivityScheduleTime` metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CUMULUS-1470** ECS Service Autoscaling now uses a configurable metric for the service rather than the `ActivityScheduleTime` metric.
```

> - **CUMULUS-1470** ECS Service Autoscaling now uses a configurable metric for the service rather than the `ActivityScheduleTime` metric.

Reviewer 2: We need to tell the users exactly what they need to update when they get this release.

> - **CUMULUS-1470** ECS Service Autoscaling now uses a configurable metric for the service rather than the `ActivityScheduleTime` metric.

Reviewer 3: Agreed, this is a breaking change.

- **CUMULUS-1375**
  - Migrate Cumulus from deprecated Elasticsearch JS client to new, supported one in `@cumulus/api`

> - **CUMULUS-1470** ECS Service Autoscaling uses the specified metric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CUMULUS-1470** ECS Service Autoscaling supports specifying autoscaling metrics 
```
